[Music]
six effective ways to get rid of a
double chin a beautifully slim neck is
one of those body goals many of us
longed for but can't seem to achieve the
neck is a tricky area since the skin
there is thinner than elsewhere on your
body so it requires a lot of care to
maintain its elasticity but what exactly
can you do to not only get rid of that
stubborn double chin oh but also keep
your neck taut and in shape just keep
watching to find out before we start
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
and hit that notification bell so that
you won't miss any of our new videos
number six do facial exercises facial
exercises are the most effective thing
you can do to slim down your neck
they give the muscles of your face and
neck a good workout so you can finally
kiss that double chin goodbye how about
giving them a try right now
we'll start off with the simplest one
all you've got to do is move your lower
jaw back and forth let's do ten reps on
my count
ready
one two three four five six seven eight
[Music]
nine ten great job now stick your lips
out in an O shape and hold them in this
position for five seconds
five
four three two one
[Music]
all right now smile big and say e five
four three two
one
well done to start this next exercise
sit up straight and press your dominant
hand against your forehead
now lean your head into it and fight
your hands resistance keep your chin up
though don't tilt your head we're gonna
do five presses holding each one for 10
seconds and go one two
[Music]
three or
five
[Music]
nice now put your hands behind your head
and press the back of your head against
them don't tilt your head back keep it
straight
again five times for ten seconds one
two three
[Music]
or last one and done and to finish our
little workout tilt your head back in to
open your mouth try to reach your upper
lip with your lower lip without bringing
your jaws together all clear let's start
them ten seconds on the clock
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one
and we're done
do this facial workout once or twice a
day for unbeatable neck slimming results
don't forget about full body exercise
either working out not only keeps your
body in tip-top shape both inside and
out it'll also help you maintain a
youthful and beautiful neck
exercising improves blood flow and
enriches the skin with oxygen making it
more elastic so take full advantage of
it number five don't overuse perfume
where do most people apply their perfume
on their wrists and neck right but while
we usually put just one drop on our
wrists we can go a little overboard on
the neck springing that smelly good
stuff all over in hopes that the scent
stays with us for as long as possible
however the poor delicate neck
definitely doesn't depreciate that you
see
perfume contains alcohol and different
chemicals that dry out your skin and
make it less elastic and Phi now you
probably know that less elasticity means
more sagging and wrinkling so just put a
dot of perfume under your earlobes
and if you're used to refreshing it
throughout the day it's better to apply
it only to the wrists then number 4
don't wear heavy jewelry another thing
you should go easy on if you don't want
a saggy neck is heavy jewelry sure it's
cool to wear a big eye catching necklace
when you go out on the weekends but you
should also keep in mind that large
pieces can stretch the gentle skin on
the neck what's more london-based
surgeon Simon moya's says that he sees a
lot of injuries caused by shoes and
accessories among his female clients
heavy necklaces and pendants have on
average a 20% chance of causing
unpleasant neck problems so be careful
with this type of jewelry and try to
save it only for special occasions it's
also a good idea to avoid synthetic
turtleneck sweaters with tight collars
for the same reasons
number three watch your posture poor
posture doesn't just look bad it can
also wreak havoc on your health julissa
grew a physiotherapist specializing in
the role muscles play in headaches says
that bad posture and increased neck
tension can easily lead to not
developing in the muscles plus when
you're constantly slouching or tilting
your head down wrinkles can appear and
as you probably know they're not easy to
get rid of either the same goes for the
appearance of a double chin if you know
that this is a problem and you want to
get rid of it working out is the best
way to go you can find tons of exercises
online aimed at improving posture so
just choose the one you like and go for
it however there's one more offender
keeping you from beautiful skin and good
posture and it's your cell phone many
people hold it lower than eye level when
they read or watch something and this
does nothing good for your neck so be
sure to avoid that as well number two
keep your skin moisturized daily
moisturizing is essential for your skin
to look healthy and fresh and even
though a lot of women know that some
ladies still forget that the same thing
applies to the neck as well you don't
even need a special lotion your regular
face cream will be just as good for your
neck the only trick is to pay attention
to how you apply it to your neck because
it's important to go in upward strokes
it's also highly recommended to include
your neck in your regular skincare
routine for example the skin on your
neck needs gentle exfoliation just like
your face does it's better to use mild
exfoliator though for example you can
mix together yogurt and dry oatmeal in
order to make a substantial scrub
it'll help remove dead skin cells
without hurting the delicate skin on the
neck follow these simple rules and your
neck will be tighter firmer and
youthfully radiant number one eat more
foods rich in vitamin C and fatty acids
vitamin C can help you with a ton of
health problems it stabilizes blood
pressure levels improves heart health
boosts your immune system and even
prevents cancer impressive list right
your skin also benefits a lot from
vitamin C since it boosts collagen
production making the skin plumper and
way more elastic this is why it's better
to include more citrus fruits tomatoes
and berries in your diet and don't
forget about foods rich in omega-3 and
omega-6 fatty acids among them are olive
oil fatty fish nuts and avocado
they help nourish the skin from the
inside which is just as important for
its health and appearance your neck skin
of course gets its dose of this awesome
treatment too so if you choose your
meals wisely not only will you see that
double chin vanished before your eyes
you'll also notice fewer wrinkles and
any other signs of neck aging yes sign
me up and what about you do you have any
secrets of your own on how to keep your
neck slim and taut tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]